In prevous while (using synchronouization),unconditionally blocked other threads from a synchronous access
to certain method .This use of implicit monitor in java object is powerful but we can achieve a more subtal level of control 
through interprocess commununication. 
As discussed earlier, multithreading replaces event loop programming by dividing task into discrete logic units.
Threads also provide secondary benefit they do away with pulling .Pulling is usually implemented by a loop that is used to check 
some condition repeatedly.Once condition is true the appropriate action is taken, this waste CPU time
For e.g
    Consider clssic chewing problem where one thread is producing some data and another is consuming it .
    to make the problem more interesting ,suppose that the producer has to wait untill the consumer is finished before it generates the more data
    In pulling system,consumer must waste many CPU cycles while it waited for the producers to produce once the producer was finished ,it would start pulling 
    wasting more CPU cycles waiting for the consumers to finish and so on.....

To avoid pulling java includes an elagant interprocess communication mechanism via the wait() ,notify() and notifyAll() methods .
These methods are implementes as final method in class objects,so all classes have them.All three methods can be called from the synchronized contest
Rules for using these methods are quite simple 

wait()=The method tells the calling thread to give up the monitor and go to sleep untill some other thread enters the same monitor 
and calls notify .

notify()=The method waits up the thread that called on the same object 

notifyAll()=These  wakes up all the thread that called wait on the same object one of the thread can be granted across.

Before working through the example,although wait method normally wait untill notifyAll or notify is called. There is possiblilty that 
in very rare cases the waiting thread could be awakened through a spurious meethod.In these case the waiting thread resumes notify or notify when having been called.
Because of these remote possibility some recomends that calls to wait should takes place witin the loop that check the condition on which the thread is waiting.

